#Spatial Simulation of the Spread of a Rapidly Evolving Pathogen

##Introduction 

The field of epidemics is one of the most heavily studied fields in science, how- ever, models and simulations are continuously being altered, and changed to make them more and more accurate, and to obtain a more realistic model. In this simulation, we aim to introduce different details that are not usually ac- counted for in most models, in an attempt to reach a model that represents the spread of a rapidly evolving virus in a small population. Therefore, we cannot model the spread of these diseases merely relying on the SIR model. In this simulation, we take into account the evolutionary nature of these viruses, their latency time, the period when patients are carriers of the disease but could not yet transmit it to other, and the transmission of the virus due to contact be- tween individuals in the space. We aim to provide a more accurate simulation of viruses like HIV, HCV, and SARS, which have proved to be almost impos- sible to effectively treat. This is due to the fact that they evolve and adapt to different modes of treatment very quickly. As a result, doctors usually adminis- ter multiple drugs that attack different virus strains, attempting to restrict the spread of the virus by attacking all possible strains. For the sake of this study, we only allow the virus to evolve into 3 different strains. In this simulation, we study the effect of administering different combinations of treatments and consider the costs that would come with each treatment strategy. For the sake of simplicity, we set the infectivity, virulence, and the cost of treatment for each virus strain to be the same.
